# AnalyzeWealthFrontLots
Python script to analyze Wealthfront open tax lots CSV download and display long-term and short-term gains/losses.

To install deps.

    pip3 install -r requirements.txt

To obtain your data.
    
    1. Logon to Wealthfront
    2. Click on your investment account
    3. Click on the manage button (towards the top right)
    4. Click view cost basis details.
    5. Click download CSV

usage: AnalyzeLots.py [-h] [-s] [-n] [-v] [-l] -f FILE [-d DAYS]

    Analyze Wealthfront cost-basis data. Displays net short/long term gains/losses and total short/long term losses by default.
     options:
        -h, --help            show this help message and exit
        -s, --symbol          Display net gain/loss by symbol and net short/long-term gain/loss per symbol
        -n, --no-summary      No summary
        -f FILE, --file FILE  File to process
        -d DAYS, --days DAYS  Show results for number of days in the future
        -v, --verbose         Display ETF descriptions
        -l, --live            Get live price from YF(experimental)
    File required

Python 3, pandas and yfinance required. Tested on 3.11 and 3.12.

Untested windows executable generated by PyInstaller github action attached to the latest v1.0.2 release. I don't have a Windows system to test on so please let me know if it works if you give it a try.

Example commands

Analyze file and show by symbol data and ETF descriptions

    AnalyzeLots.py -f open-tax-lots-2024-04-08.csv -s -v

Analyze file and update data live from YF and don't display summary

    AnalyzeLots.py -f open-tax-lots-2024-04-08.csv -l -n

Analyze file and show results for a week in the future. Summary only

    AnalyzeLots.py -f open-tax-lots-2024-04-08.csv -d 7